Add SECURITY.md (#2349)
mattermost/focalboard: SECURITY.md

For a more detailed description of the disclosure process and a list of researchers who have previously contributed to the disclosure program, see [Report a Security Vulnerability](https://mattermost.com/security-vulnerability-report/) on the Mattermost website.

Security updates
----------------

Mattermost has a mandatory upgrade policy, and updates are only provided for the latest release. Critical updates are delivered as dot releases. Details on security updates are announced 30 days after the availability of the update.

For more details about the security content of past releases, see the [Security Updates](https://mattermost.com/security-updates/) page on the Mattermost website. For timely notifications about new security updates, subscribe to the [Security Bulletins Mailing List](https://about.mattermost.com/security-bulletin).

Contributing to this policy
---------------------------

> If you have feedback or suggestions on improving this policy document, please [create an issue](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-mobile/issues/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have feedback or suggestions on improving this policy document, please [create an issue](https://github.com/mattermost/focalboard/issues/new/choose).
```
